# Task overview
## Creation process
  Unfortunately, this work week (15.12–19.12) turned out to be busier than I expected. Because of this, the project task was completed within one and a half to two days. The initial commit was made on 16.12, and a small part of the preparation was done on 17.12, but most of the code was written on 18.12.
  Although the task was estimated to take five days, it took me less than half of the allocated time to implement all the necessary functionality. Unfortunately, I had to cut some corners to complete the task on time. Some aspects of the task were written somewhat vaguely, so I tried to make them easily changeable without accessing the code.
  There was a part stating “but no coins are removed” when players shoot into the “bad” hole. The coin system was not implemented because it was unclear how it should work and it was not described in the task. However, it would be easy to add it to the project as a separate module, since the implemented level of abstraction allows for this.
## Possible improvements
* One module of the code is not as flexible in the editor as I would like - specifically, the settings for the number of holes and their radius. This could be improved by implementing editor scripts and adding handles to make hole spawning easily changeable.
* The structure is not fully optimized for adding more types of holes. Currently, hole types are simply stored in an enum with three entries. A better solution would be to use an IHole interface or to create an abstract base Hole class and inherit new hole types from it. The choice between an interface and an abstract class would depend on the potential complexity of new hole types. This approach would make the system more modular, allowing new entries to be added without changing the existing codebase.
